Adds documentation for log prints functionality (#7594)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/logs.md

The underlying log model for task runs captures the task name, task run ID, and parent flow run ID, which are persisted to the database for reporting and may also be used in custom message formatting.

### Logging print statements

> Prefect provides the `log_prints` option to enabling logging of print statements at the task or flow level. By default, tasks and subflows will inherit the print logging behavior from their parent flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect provides the `log_prints` option to enable logging of print statements at the task or flow level. By default, tasks and subflows will inherit the print logging behavior from their parent flow.
```

Sorry about the typo :)

> For prototyping or local debugging, Prefect provides a decorator kwarg `log_print=True` to log print statements at the task or flow level. Tasks and subflows will inherit the print logging behavior from their parent flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For prototyping or local debugging, Prefect provides the `log_prints` option to enabling logging of print statements at the task or flow level. By default, tasks and subflows will inherit the print logging behavior from their parent flow.
```

Do we want to have the prototyping/debugging note?

Reviewer 2: "to enable logging of" I think?

### Logging print statements

> Prefect provides the `log_prints` option to enabling logging of print statements at the task or flow level. By default, tasks and subflows will inherit the print logging behavior from their parent flow, unless opted out with their own `log_print=False`.

Reviewer: (lol)

```suggestion
Prefect provides the `log_prints` option to enable logging of print statements at the task or flow level. By default, tasks and subflows will inherit the print logging behavior from their parent flow, unless opted out with their own `log_print=False`.
```

14:18:58.150 | INFO    | Flow run 'singing-malkoha' - Executing 'my_task-20c6ece6-0' immediately...
14:18:58.392 | INFO    | Task run 'my_task-20c6ece6-0' - we're logging print statements from a task
```
</div>

```python
from prefect import task, flow

@task
def my_task(log_prints=False):
    print("we're logging print statements from a task")

@flow(log_prints=True)
def my_flow():
    print("we're logging print statements from a flow")
    my_task()
```

Using `log_prints=False` at the task level will output:

<div class='terminal'>
```bash
14:18:57.401 | INFO    | prefect.engine - Created flow run 'singing-malkoha' for flow 'my-flow'
14:18:58.026 | INFO    | Flow run 'singing-malkoha' - we're logging print statements from a flow
14:18:58.148 | INFO    | Flow run 'singing-malkoha' - Created task run 'my_task-20c6ece6-0' for task 'my_task'
14:18:58.150 | INFO    | Flow run 'singing-malkoha' - Executing 'my_task-20c6ece6-0' immediately...
```

> </div>

Reviewer: The task print should still happen, just not be sent to a Prefect logger.
